Update examples.rst (#170)
oemof/oemof-thermal: docs/examples.rst

Examples
========

In this section we provide several examples to demonstrate how you can use the
functions and components of *oemof-thermal*. You can find them in the `example folder <https://github.com/oemof/oemof-thermal/tree/master/examples>`_
of the repository.
Among them are the following calculations: 

- Functionality of solar thermal and concentrating solar collector's facade and efficiency calculation 
- Calculation of maximum possible heat output of heat pumps
- Investment decision on thermal storage and capacity

Most of the examples show the usage of *oemof-thermal* together with *oemof-solph*.
However, *oemof-thermal* is a stand-alone package and you can
use the package and its calculations in any other context as well.

List of Available Examples
__________________________

**Compression heat pump and chiller**

An example provides an "how to" on the use of the 'calc_cops' function to get the

> COPs of an exemplary air-source heat pump (ASHP). It also shows how to use the

Author: ```suggestion
coefficients of performance (COP) of an exemplary air-source heat pump (ASHP). It also shows how to use the
```

The Examples can be found `here <https://github.com/oemof/oemof-thermal/tree/master/examples/compression_heatpumps_and_chiller>`_.

> **Absorption Chillers**

Author: ```suggestion
**Absorption Chiller**
```
